This concept is all about UML,
the Unified Modeling Language diagrams,
which are used to visually represent a system along with their main actors,
roles, actions, and data.
In this nanodegree program,
we assume students are already familiar with creating UML diagrams.
Well, if you're not familiar with creating these diagrams or would like a refresher,
check out the resources link below.
All right, now with the [inaudible] ,
here's an overview of what we'll be covering.
First, we'll take a quick look at the background of UML.
Then we'll talk about designing the architecture.
Later on, you'll get a chance to design your own UML diagrams.
First, let's dive into the UML background.
Now, why is UML useful for architecting a supply chain solution?
Well, it's used to think about relationships required in application.
For example, a supply chain application
simulates the relationship between actors and goods,
as they pass through their hands.
Related to this, UML is helpful to abstractly think about database modeling patterns.
As we saw in our two [inaudible] example,
we're able to extract what data attributes about the tuna needs to be
shown and stored to which actors at particular stages in the process flow.
Not only that, but you'll know it's helpful to summarize
database modeling of stored procedures and services at each stage.
The level of extraction UML provides is useful as a cross team communication tool,
when talking with business or engineering,
in order for the project goals to align.
So, there are different types of UML diagrams each,
with different focuses, but they are all unrelated.
So, in this program, we'll be working with the activity,
sequence, state and class diagrams.
Now, with that said, let's explore how we'll
be designing the architecture using these diagrams.
Now, Designing the Architecture.
At a high level, UML diagrams predominantly fall into two categories,
the behavior and structure.
In the design phase of architecting a solution,
we tackle the behavior first followed by the structure.
Given this thought process,
we'll be building it up from activity,
sequence, state to class.
These diagrams will help us determine the logic to
develop smart contracts and the database layers.
For activity diagram, we'll look at actors and their interactions, the sequence,
we'll look at the functions in smart contracts,
then we have our state diagram,
which will help us determine the enum of the asset states,
such as sold, shipped and received.
Then we have our class diagram,
which helps us determine what goes into the databases.
For example, when we create our supply chain contract file,
we'll create functions that represent the actions our users take on the assets.
In this case, the seller shifts the item
which triggers a change in the item state to be shipped.
Now, let's use our pet shop depth example from an earlier lesson.
This simple pet shop can be viewed as a very simple version of a supply chain.
So, there's two actors,
the responsible breeder and the consumer,
and their asset is the pet.
Now, it's important to call that were purposely keeping
the example very simple and making several assumptions.
Additionally, keeping the scope scale down will help you
design the architecture without numerous factors considered.
So, here are the assumptions we're making.
First, payment will be kept very simple.
The owner will pay using ETH.
Change is also kept very simple.
Any excess ETH is returned back to the buyer.
Anyone in the value chain contract authenticity,
and lastly, returns are out of scope.
Now, the following concepts will be a short series of videos in
which I'll walk you through each of these diagrams as it relates to our depth.
After each new diagram,
you'll get a chance to diagram a solution for
your very own supply chain example of your choice.